hello everyone and how is everyone doing
so i apologize i wasn't able to post
this yesterday i was just very busy but
yesterday i went to the mall with my
friend he's a really good guy and I
appreciate that he came with me and
guess who else came with me a jagex mod
came with me his name is Maude chase
choice CH a 0 SE and funny enough at the
end of this little mole fight he added
me and we are now friends so I'm just
really excited I wish I could have
recorded the live commentary I was on
the skype call with my friend and I was
just like wow you know this is gonna be
so funny if he actually comes and then
my friend came in and then he came in I
was like what he's actually here it
really made me excited and funny enough
he overloaded but then he didn't fight
so I was like okay that's a bit weird
you know why is not helping us I thought
he was going to help us but I guess he
didn't he was able to teleport around
the room constantly so it's really fun
to have him here like me my friend were
going crazy and because you know it
doesn't happen every day that mod comes
with you so it's really excited I'm just
going to be expending the basics about
the mall and so let's get started
alright so which ever chamber the mole
is in that's the kind of attack that it
might be using so if it is in just say
the northwestern chamber it will summon
moles to come and help her once these
moles have been summoned the moles will
attack you and this will boost her
defense and her strength if you are in
hard mode and but these models are
really easy to kill they have 100 Life
Points so there shouldn't really be any
problem there as far as I know there max
hit is around 300 so you are pretty safe
if you do you know keep your health up
so there's nothing to worry about there
just say you are in the north-eastern
chamber she will become enraged and the
way that you basically pacify her is by
stunning her so about using like kick
anything or any sort of ability that can
stun her if you do this she won't attack
you rapidly but if you do not stand her
she will rapidly hit you quite a few
times and so if she does to start to
and eat a lot of food but if you stand
her whilst it says you know she can be
stunned you basically just stand her and
you will be fine there's nothing to
worry about to them if you are in the
south-eastern chamber she will stun
players herself and she recalls the
ceiling to collapse and around the mall
there's going to be loads of rocks they
look like the jumping around but they
like vibrating whilst you're standing on
these rocks and you will be hit so you
just got to walk away from the box and
you will be fine you can use the freedom
ability to free yourself from this done
and but it's up to you honestly it's not
that hard once you get used to her
attacks in the southwestern chamber she
will sometimes dig into the ground and
then she'll come straight up off the
ground and she'll call some vox that
could damage you to appear around the
spot where she came up so you got do
once again it's just run around we'll
get away from these rocks and you will
be fine for you to know where she's gone
after she has started to dig if you look
at the direction she is digging towards
so you can use this to kind of figure
out where she has gone in the room so
it's not hard at all and it's very easy
to do so we did quite a few kills as you
can see and I really enjoyed it the
jagex mod stayed with us for i think was
monkey oh and she had to leave but I'm
honestly went really well and I really
enjoyed it so so I'm just explained the
rewards real quick so just say that as a
job you get the mo nose you can only get
this nose if you have completed the
falador elite achievements and once you
have you can trade this mole nose to
wyson the gardener who's right outside
of the mall entrance and in return it
will give you high value birds nests so
it might be a good idea to maybe keep
these and trade them to Weiss on the
gardener and it will give you one birds
nest for every mole knows that you
receive these mold noses can't be traded
so you might as well just keep them and
but you can only obtain them if you have
completed the falador elite achievements
once again and with another reward is
called the ultra growth potion once you
get this as a rare loot you only have
one dose inside and what you basically
do is that if you use it on a fruit or
wood tree it will immediately jump two
stages of its growth you can only use
this once per tree so just say you have
five doses or whatever you have you can
go to five different trees and use them
on them you can't use on the spirit
trees trust me I tried let's move on to
the final reward which could be the
clingy mole what this mode does is that
you attach it to the anti dragon shield
and then once is cling on to your dragon
shield you will have a hundred and fifty
attacks where the hits will be decreased
you do require 45 crafting to attach it
to your shield and once you have
attached it the shield will have a stats
of a 55 hybrid shield so it's not that
bad at all so that's about it for this
guide hope you all enjoyed I really
enjoyed myself it was a really good day
because I get to add a mod and it added
me also and in case he's watching thanks
for adding me and I hope to see you all
soon I will have another video at later
today about flipping so make sure you
are tuned in for that so that's going to
be so good so I see you all soon and
thanks for watching and I'll definitely
post my other video later on today so
thanks for watching peace out